User Management example (#51)
workos/java-example-applications: java-usermanagement-example/README.md

> If your SaaS product’s backend is built with Java—or a JVM-compatible language such as Kotlin, Groovy, Scala, or Clojure—and you want to incorporate WorkOS’ Admin Portal functionality, you can do a dry-run of the Admin Portal integration using this example Java app. It makes use of the [WorkOS Kotlin SDK](https://github.com/workos/workos-kotlin).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your SaaS product’s backend is built with Java—or a JVM-compatible language such as Kotlin, Groovy, Scala, or Clojure—and you want to incorporate WorkOS’ User Management functionality, you can do a dry-run using this example Java app. It makes use of the [WorkOS Kotlin SDK](https://github.com/workos/workos-kotlin).
```
